NO-JIRA: Update README to add warning not to fork this repo (#75)
openshift/console-plugin-template: README.md

## Getting started

> [!IMPORTANT]  

> > To use this template, **DO NOT FORK THIS REPOSITORY**! Click **Use ths template**, then select [**Create a new repository**](https://github.com/new?template_name=networking-console-plugin&template_owner=openshift) to create a new repository.

Reviewer: oops, missed a typo
```suggestion
> To use this template, **DO NOT FORK THIS REPOSITORY**! Click **Use this template**, then select [**Create a new repository**](https://github.com/new?template_name=networking-console-plugin&template_owner=openshift) to create a new repository.
```

>
> ![A screenshot showing where the "Use this template" button is located](https://i.imgur.com/AhaySbU.png)
>

> > **Forking this repository** for purposes outside of contributing to this repo **will cause issues**, as users cannot have more than one fork of a template repository at a time. This prevents users from forking contributing to your plugin, as they might be unable to fork it.

Reviewer: nit, repetition
```suggestion
> **Forking this repository** for purposes outside of contributing to this repo **will cause issues**, as users cannot have more than one fork of a template repository at a time. This could prevent future users from forking and contributing to your plugin.
```

> > **Forking this repository** for purposes outside of contributing to this repo **will cause issues**, as users cannot have more than one fork of a template repository at a time. This could prevent future users from forking and contributing to your plugin. Your fork would also cause behave like a template repository. This may be confusing as it is not possible for repositories generated from a template to contribute back to the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Forking this repository** for purposes outside of contributing to this repo **will cause issues**, as users cannot have more than one fork of a template repository at a time. This could prevent future users from forking and contributing to your plugin. Your fork would also behave like a template repository. This may be confusing as it is not possible for repositories generated from a template to contribute back to the template.
```

> > **Forking this repository** for purposes outside of contributing to this repo **will cause issues**, as users cannot have more than one fork of a template repository at a time. This could prevent future users from forking and contributing to your plugin. Your fork would also cause behave like a template repository. This may be confusing as it is not possible for repositories generated from a template to contribute back to the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Forking this repository** for purposes outside of contributing to this repo **will cause issues**, as users cannot have more than one fork of a template repository at a time. This could prevent future users from forking and contributing to your plugin. Your fork would also behave like a template repository which might be confusing, because it is not possible for repositories generated from a template to contribute back to the template.
```

Reviewer 2: ^ just a rewording suggestion for clarity.

> After cloning your instantiated repo, you should update the plugin metadata such as the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After cloning your instantiated repository, you should update the plugin metadata such as the
```
Is this a should do or a must do. If the user must do it, update this to must.
